README.md, before:

# Objective

## Key Points

- We want to assess your skills as a generalist software engineer.
- We are looking for people who are able to work on a variety of projects and technologies.
- We are not explicitly looking for expertise in a specific technology or domain. An ideal candidate would be able to work with a variety of technologies.

We would like you to setup this application on your local environment, we will give you some challenges to implement during our interview on this codebase.

# Requirements

- Please make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 18.3 or higher
- Please ensure that the FULL project can be run in your local environment
- ⚠️ **Make sure not to publish your work on this repository.** ⚠️


## Project Setup
1. Install pnpm globally
```sh
npm install -g pnpm@9.4.0
```
2. Install dependecies using pnpm
```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development
3. Make sure you are able to run dev mode of application without any compile/runtime errors
```sh
pnpm dev
```

Commit message:

add note to readme, fix activities not loading

README.md, after:

# Objective

## Key Points

- We want to assess your skills as a generalist software engineer.
- We are looking for people who are able to work on a variety of projects and technologies.
- We are not explicitly looking for expertise in a specific technology or domain. An ideal candidate would be able to work with a variety of technologies.

We would like you to setup this application on your local environment, we will give you some challenges to implement during our interview on this codebase.

Please note that you might need to refresh the Activities page a couple of times in order to see results. This is intentional and not a sign of the application not working.

# Requirements

- Please make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 18.3 or higher
- Please ensure that the FULL project can be run in your local environment
- ⚠️ **Make sure not to publish your work on this repository.** ⚠️


## Project Setup
1. Install pnpm globally
```sh
npm install -g pnpm@9.4.0
```
2. Install dependecies using pnpm
```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development
3. Make sure you are able to run dev mode of application without any compile/runtime errors
```sh
pnpm dev
```
